Update README.md (#25)
Secret333Boy/utoolslib: README.md

[![Node.js Package](https://github.com/Secret333Boy/utoolslib/actions/workflows/release-package.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Secret333Boy/utoolslib/actions/workflows/release-package.yml)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Secret333Boy/utoolslib)

> Simple library created for working with text files, data structures, algorythms etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple library created for working with text files, data structures, algorithms, etc.
```
